feat: handle multi-level scratch memory (#431)
kokkos/pykokkos: docs/workunits.rst

after those required in the signature.  At the time of a pattern
execution, the arguments have to be given as keyword arguments.

Scratch Memory
--------------

> Work units can request team scratch memory with the ``scratch`` argument to

Reviewer: `Workunits`
Idk how to "suggest change" as Gabriel did that...

> Work units can request team scratch memory with the ``scratch`` argument to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Workunits` can request team scratch memory with the ``scratch`` argument to
```

Author: Done

``@pk.workunit``. Each scratch entry specifies an element type and a function
that computes the number of elements from the execution policy.

.. code-block:: python

   @pk.workunit(
       scratch=[
           (float, lambda p: p.N),
       ]
   )

By default, scratch entries use scratch level 0. To request scratch memory from
a specific level, add the level as the third tuple value:

.. code-block:: python

   @pk.workunit(
       scratch=[
           (int, lambda p: p.n_ints, 0),
           (float, lambda p: p.N, 1),
       ]
   )

The tuple format is ``(dtype, size_func)`` or ``(dtype, size_func, level)``.

> 

Reviewer 2: This is great! Thanks.
